enter: better control over copied host envvars (#1695)
89luca89/distrobox: docs/usage/distrobox-enter.md

	--name/-n:		name for the distrobox						default: my-distrobox
	--/-e:			end arguments execute the rest as command to execute at login	default: default ${USER}'s shell
	--clean-path:		reset PATH inside container to FHS standard
	--no-tty/-T:		do not instantiate a tty
	--no-workdir/-nw:	always start the container from container's home directory

> 	--no-envvars:		don't copy host environment variables (default is to copy whenever reasonable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	--empty-env:		don't copy host environment variables (default is to copy whenever reasonable)
```

> 	--additional-envvars:	comma-separated list of additional host environment variables to copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	--add-env:	comma-separated list of additional host environment variables to copy
```

> 							(overrides --no-envvars)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
							(overrides --empty-env)
```
